Mayday, mayday...
Do you copy?
Mayday, this is Tranquility...
This is Nassau Coast Guard.
What's your emergency? Over.
We're sinking!
Okay, sir, remain calm.
We need your coordinates. Over.
Sir, can you repeat that? Over.
Please repeat your coordinates. Over.
Tranquility, we need
your coordinates. Over.
How many are you? Over.
Three. My daughter,
Naomi, she... she's eight.
We're drifting...
Wait, where's Naomi?
Naomi! Naomi!
Papa!
Help!
Wow, look at this!
It's spectacular down here,
isn't it?
Welcome to my happy place.
You take the lead from here.
Look at this, the shrimp and crabs
all feed on this algae.
Don't worry,
I'm following, I'm here.
Hey, why don't we take a selfie
for your mom?
You're a great photographer,
take a photo of me here.
This is amazing.
Hey, sis!
Wish you were here!
Okay, it's not going to hurt us.
The sound of breathing
attracts them, okay?
You try this time.
Be firm, but gentle, okay?
No sudden movements now.
Ready?
Whoa!
Ha!
Well, I'm sure we can
accommodate that, Mr. Margisson.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Look, why don't I call you back
when I'm with my partner.
Ah, she's not available right now,
but, uh, I'll be with her shortly.
Great, okay.
Thank you so much.
Whoa!
That was awesome!
Can't wait to tell your mom.
My nephew, the shark wrangler!
That was so cool!
That was a reef shark, right?
Yeah.
And he really loved
the bubbles.
It's not the bubbles, remember,
it's the sound they make.
I wanna see you do that
with a tiger shark!
You wanna see me end up
as lunch? Huh?
Hmm. Okay!
Right, my two lovelies,
we have a flight to catch.
Can we do one last dive?
Uh-uh. We have to go.
That was the Margissons
on the phone.
They wanna confirm their booking
for next week.
Oh, cool.
So that gives me four days
to leisurely sail back home
to you guys.
Also, Naomi, I need to put
a deposit down
on that apartment we looked at.
The one we loved.
Can we delay that?
I mean... I still need to
think about it.
Come on then, let's get you guys
on that flight.
-Be with you in a sec! I know.
-Come on, man!
I know! One minute.
See you in four days.
Yeah, I'll get the Margissons
from the airport. Please be on time.
When have I ever not
been reliable?
Mwah... I'll see you soon.
Don't have too much fun
without me.
-Never.
-Barny! Hug!
-Love you.
-Love you too.
We have to go now!
You cut it too close my friend.
You're gonna run me out of business.
Next time, I'm gonna charge you.
What happened to island time?
Yeah, get in before
I change my mind!
Cheers.
Hold on, is that what
I think it is?
Mmm-hmm.
Oh my god, he finally popped
the question!
He's been asking for a while
and I finally said yes.
I'm so sorry. Condolences.
I remember what it was like
to be young, free and single.
It's not all it's cracked
up to be.
Why are you talking
like an old lady?
As I remember, it had
its moments.
You know, it's not that I wanna
be single again. Um...
So what, you just wanna go sailing
round and round the islands?
I can think of worse ways
to spend the rest of my life.
The real question is,
do you wanna do that all alone,
or with Jackson?
You know you can
trust him, Naomi.
He'll never let you down.
What is wrong with me?
Why is it so hard for me
to commit to the man I love?
Don't sweat it. It took me a while
but that moment of clarity will come
when it's best for you to move
forward with your life.
I hope so.
No, I'm leaving early tomorrow.
I should get some sleep.
Okay.
Call me as soon as you're back.
Soon as.
-Love you. Thank you.
-Aww... You're welcome.
Hi.
How was your flight?
I mean, it's Diddle Bay Airlines.
As long as you get there in one piece.
Mmm.
Ah, just so you know,
the Margissons' deposit came in,
so the charter next week is a go.
Okay.
When are you leaving?
As soon as I've had a coffee.
Is everything alright there?
Yeah, I'll see you on Monday.
Oh...
Christ, I'm an idiot.
It's the anniversary of
the death of both of her parents.
I completely forgot.
Such a dumbass.
You should call her back.
That'll just make it worse.
Just text her back,
"Whatever I said,
whatever I did,
I didn't mean it.
I want you back for good."
Are you trying to help me
with my love life
by quoting "Take That?"
So let me get this straight, you think
Man U are gonna lose this one, right?
I'm telling you. I have a real
feeling about this one.
You're mad.
Jack. Come take a look at this.
There's Naomi's course.
And that's where the weather
system is heading.
Yeah.
I'll call her?
Sure.
Serenity, do you copy?
Naomi, do you copy?
This is Serenity. Over.
There's a squall that's moving
West/North-West at 20 knots.
It's predicted to intersect with you
just North of Martinique. Over.
I picked that up too.
Thank you Barny.
I'm changing course to avoid.
You know, maybe you should anchor
at Dominica until it passes. Over.
Yeah, so I could be stuck there
for three or four days.
Do you really wanna babysit
the Margissons?
No, thank you. Over.
I'm heading Lat...
Fourteen... 14.7214, Long 63.0...
...281. I'll keep the squall
North of me.
Uh, hang on, that takes you out
of shipping lanes
and into dead water. Over.
I know. But, um,
I've got this Jackson.
I know you do...
Look, I'm sorry I forgot about
the anniversary yesterday. Over.
Yeah, let's not...
talk about this now.
Sorry. Over.
But I appreciate it.
Thank you. Over.
Hey! Help! Aah!
Help us!
Jackson. Come in. Over.
Jackson...
Where are you? Over.
I'm here. Over.
I pulled out of the path of the storm
and I'm currently spotting two people
holding onto wreckage. Over.
No good, Jack.
The storm is going that way.
Naomi, you need to be further South
or you'll definitely
get hit by the tail end
of that squall.
I think you should just
call it in. Over.
By the time anyone reaches location,
it won't be a rescue.
It will be a recovery.
Over.
Let me know when you intercept.
I'll lock you in on the GPS.
-Over.
-I will. Over.
Help us! Hola!
Over here!
Yes, yes.
-Gracias!
--Gracias!
Hold tight! I'm gonna come right
up to you.
Yeah!
Gracias. Uh... Gracias.
Oh... Uh!
Ah! Uh... Oh...
Gracias.
Thank you, lady! Thanks!
Listen,
my brother is in the water
in a sunken boat. I need you
to go help him, please.
More slowly, please.
I don't understand.
Maria says her brother
is still down there.
The pipes, they fell on him.
-Oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
-I really am.
We had air.
-We had air. We breathe...
-There's an air pocket?
-Yes.
-Okay. I can dive.
Really?
-Gracias.
He... He's stuck down there.
-It's only been three hours.
-Three hours?
In three hours it could have
drifted for miles.
No. No, no.
The wreckage we were hanging onto
-is still connected to the boat.
-Okay.
There's a line going
all the way down.
Any other survivors?
I, I don't know. I... uh...
There were, uh, five crew
members and five passengers,
-including us.
-And what happened?
Something must have gone wrong
with the engine.
-There was an explosion.
-Explosion, explosion.
Sí, sí. Then we went
straight down.
Listen, the odds of anyone
surviving aren't good.
She shouldn't get her
hopes up, okay?
Sorry, I... I'm gonna get you
some warm clothes.
Thank you very much.
Do you trust her? What did she say?
He's going to be okay.
Okay.
Serenity, come in. Over.
Serenity, do you copy? Over.
Do you copy? Over.
What are you doing?
I'm calling the
nearest coastguard.
I need to let them know
what's going on.
No, no!
Not the radio, please!
We need to
follow protocol here.
No!
We are... refugiados.
Refugees.
Sí. Sí. Refugees.
We... we gave our money to people
on the boat.
In our country the gangs
and the cartels are in control.
They're ruthless.
If we're sent back there,
we will almost certainly be killed.
I'm so sorry. I just need help,
I don't know what to do.
No, please.
But you said he's trapped.
Even with a crowbar,
-I may not manage this alone.
-I can help you.
I worked marine salvage.
I know how to dive.
Sí. Sí.
Please, you must hurry.
-He's my brother! My brother!
-I'm so sorry.
He's going to die.
I need help...
Help me! Help me, please!
I promise you...
I'm gonna bring him back, okay?
-Okay.
-I promise you.
-Okay?
Is your earpiece working?
Can you hear me?
Okay. Perfect.
You okay?
Okay. That way. You go first.
Hey! Hey! I'm here! Hey!
Please, help me! Help me!
-Do you speak English?
-Are you hurt?
Yeah. No, look, I can't move.
Fucking boat!
I'm stuck and I can't breathe!
I can't breathe.
This is gonna give you
some fresh air.
Oh...
Shallow breaths.
Jose, I need to you stay calm.
I'm here with your friend.
We're gonna take you up.
Listen, I can't move this.
We're gonna try with a crowbar.
-Promise, I'll be back.
-Okay.
I'm not gonna leave you.
Gracias,
gracias, gracias.
Hey, Tomas! Hey!
Hey! Tomas! Gracias.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah!
-More, more, more.
Sí... Ah! Uh!
Aah! Uh...
Get out of there!
Go on, go on. Push harder.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Hey! Where did you go?
Here, put this on.
Just breathe calmly, okay?
Stay calm.
Okay.
Let's go.
You okay? Yes?
Okay, let's go. You go first.
Ah!
Do you see him? Do you see him?
Stay... Stay close.
No, no, no, no, no.
We're running out of air.
Okay, we go up.
Stay... Stay calm.
Can you see him?
Okay? Okay. We go up.
No! Ugh...
Calm... Calm, okay?
Calm down, try to
breathe calmly.
We're gonna... We're gonna run
out of air.
Jose, calm.
Okay, we're gonna go up.
We should go.
Okay, go up.
Try to stay close.
Let's go.
Jose! Jose!
Jose!
-Uh!
-Oh!
Where's Tomas?
Oh, my God!
Oh...
Oh my God.
Naomi, why aren't you moving?
Maria, can you help me
out please?
Just put anything loose into the cabinets
and just lock the doors tight.
Okay.
But why?
There's a storm coming, you see?
Just carry on with this.
I need to call the authorities.
This is Serenity, come in. Over.
Serenity, this is
Grenada Coastguard. Over.
Hey...
I'm currently, er... Lat 14.7214
Long... 62...
What the fuck?
No radio. Understand?
Jose!
Put your gun down! Now!
Hmm.
Look Naomi, our boat was
carrying valuable product.
We need you to go back down
and bring it up.
200 kilos of cocaine.
So, this is how you are
going to do it.
Our product is stored
in the front hold.
You are going to transfer it
into those mesh bags
and, um, inflate that thing
to bring it up
to the surface in one go.
Then you are going to take us
to the Florida Keys
in your lovely yacht and, um,
after that we part company.
You'll kill me
as soon as you get your drugs back.
No, no, no.
We have no idea how to sail a boat.
We need you.
There is a shark down there.
I know.
And I've already done a deep dive.
I cannot do this on my own.
It is impossible.
Jose will help you.
He knows how to dive.
Mmm.
So, you wanna die now...
or you wanna take your chance
with the shark?
Go and get me a wetsuit.
Now!
Come on! Get a move on!
No. You stay in there.
Let's get changed.
Come on! Come on!
Hello? Hello? Naomi?
-Naomi?
-Jack...
You bitch!
-Jose!
-Yeah!
Jose! She's on her phone.
Naomi!
Speak to me!
What's happening?
You fucking bitch!
Naomi...
Naomi!
Stop!
We're gonna need that
when we get to the US. Stop!
Hey, Jose!
Put on your diving gear.
You're both going down now!
Barny, we need to go.
Where are we going?
-Where are we going?
-Hold on tight!
Jose, remember 20 minutes
and it's dark, okay?
I know. I know, all right?
You stay close to me.
I know where we're going.
Fuck's sake!
She was frantic when she called.
There was definitely someone else
on the boat. She's been in the same place
-for way too long.
-But she just called.
She's alive. This is good.
Just call her back.
The phone is dead. No answer.
Sometimes these satellite phones
are not very reliable.
Especially in this weather.
No, it's not that!
Something is wrong, I know it.
-What do you want me to do?
-Send a search team now!
Naomi's in trouble. Please!
Young man, based on what?
She isn't missing. You just spoke to her.
She called because
she's in distress!
And you tell me the reason she stopped
was because she saw survivors?
-floating on debris?
-Yes!
There has been no alerts
for or from any ships in the area.
You need to do something!
Everything okay?
I have a few colleagues
in the surrounding islands.
I can make a few phone calls
but that's the best I can do.
Until she's been missing
for more than 24 hours,
I cannot make any kind of
distress classification.
I am sorry, my hands are tied!
Twenty-four hours? Twenty-four hours?!
Jose! Jose!
Jose, where are the bricks?
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Argh!
Come on!
What happened to the bags?
Fuck's sake!
What do you mean what happened
to the bags?
Where are the
fucking bags?
On the trawler deck.
The shark bit into the bags
and now the shark is probably
high on cocaine.
We go back down
right now. Vamos!
-Forget it. I'm done.
-No, no, no.
Nothing is done till I say it is done!
You get it?
You were underwater
for way too long
and I can only do two dives
at that depth.
I know you don't give a fuck
about me, but you won't survive.
Okay, she's right.
And we need her
to take us to the Keys.
I don't care about
the fucking Keys!
Wait, well I've made
my decision!
You two go back down tomorrow
in the morning.
The crew on your boat.
They were shot.
Well, um, it happens
in our business.
They got greedy, you know?
They wanted our drugs.
So Tomas and Jose
had to deal with them.
The explosion didn't happen
in the engine room.
What kind of an idiot
brings grenades onto a boat?
-Yeah.
-A fucking dead idiot.
I need to raise the anchor.
-Why?
‘Cause you cannot be anchored
in a storm.
No! We're not going to fall into
one of your tricks again!
A swell can breach the deck
and the boat will
fill with water!
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. No!
We're already tied
up onto that stuff.
The boat stays right here,
next to the trawler.
Do you understand?
Exactly. The boat
stays right here.
-What do you want?
-I need to see your husband.
You're gonna have to wait.
He's busy with a potential client.
-It can't wait, it's important.
-No way.
-Come back later.
-I'll be quick. Wait here.
Jack!
We will fly to the South side.
This coast is especially lovely
this time of the year.
That's good.
Hey, my friend!
This is Jackson Taylor,
co-owner and operator of the best
sailing yacht in the Caribbean.
Hi. Can I have a word please?
Yes, sure, of course.
Please, sit down.
I want you to watch this video
and picture yourself flying
over the majestic paradise,
while I attend to Mr. Taylor.
Just a moment, yeah?
Jack, I hope this is important. I haven't
had a charter for over two weeks.
Naomi was on her way back here.
She came across a wreckage and survivors
in the sea west of Martinique.
There's a squall heading that way as well.
Something's wrong.
Serenity's been in the same
spot for a very long time.
She's not responding
to her radio.
This isn't like her.
-When did you last hear from Naomi?
-This afternoon.
Have you spoke
to authorities?
They said it was too soon
to report her missing.
Maybe they're right.
I can think of a hundred excuses why Naomi
wouldn't call back.
She's one of the best sailors
in the Caribbean.
I need you to take me her.
-I'm sure she's fine.
-She's not.
I can feel it.
I need your help,
Diddle Bay. Please.
Okay. I'll take you there,
but even though I'm saying yes now,
that storm's on its way.
It's suicide to go there now.
We have to wait until morning.
I-- I can't wait that long.
There's no faster way of getting there.
Not unless you get your hands on
the fastest boat in Grenada.
Barny... I need you
to give Diddle Bay
Serenity's last coordinates
and in the morning,
you take a flight with him
to look for Naomi.
What you gonna do?
Gonna catch me a marlin.
Good luck.
She is asleep.
Ah.
How many kilos did we lose?
I don't know. I didn't see.
Anything that is missing
is going to come
-out of our pockets.
-You get that, right?
I don't... Maria, hey,
it happens all the time.
People lose loads.
I mean, it wasn't our fault, no?
Do you wanna say that
to el jefe? Hey?
Seriously, you could also explain him
that you decided to hire
a new crew, huh?
Who wanted to take
all the money from us.
Okay, okay, okay,
all right... My mistake.
My fucking mistake, okay?
I know!
We need to get out of this
line of business.
Mm-hmm. How?
I want to set up my own
distribution business.
Ah... In America, huh?
Yeah, well, I thought
I had saved enough money
to get it off the ground
but then this shit happened...
because of you.
Maria...
maybe this is our golden opportunity.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Maria, look.
We pick up the drugs,
we bring them to Florida, we sell them.
Bang! We have a new business!
You're an idiot.
They know who we are!
They know who our families are!
No, no, no, no, no, no. Maybe...
Maybe they're gonna think
I don't know, we...
We're lost... we... we dead!
We're dead in the sea!
Do you really think
they're going to forget
about the one million dollars'
worth of their cocaine?
They will find out!
We will be looking
over our shoulders
for the rest of our lives.
No, Maria, we already are.
No... Papa... Papa!
Come... Come back!
No! No, no, no...
No! No!
Are you okay?
Let go, I have to go back.
I have to, darling.
I have to get your mother
to safety too.
I'll be back very soon.
I promise.
Papa! Papa!
Papa!
Wake up!
Get up.
Come on!
We've got company.
Who is that?
Who did you talk to?
Nobody. I didn't speak
to anybody.
Seriously?
I couldn't get signal.
Jose, as soon as the boat
is in range... just shoot him.
No! Wait...
So you do know who he is.
It's my boyfriend.
He has me logged on his GPS.
We've been here for 24 hours,
he might have thought I'm in trouble.
Your boyfriend drove
through the night
because he thought you
might be in trouble.
He must be very much in love
with you and you with him.
So this is the way
it's going to go.
If you want to live
happily ever after,
you will do exactly as I say.
Now wave.
And smile.
Jose... wave.
What is going on?
-Why didn't you ring?
-I'm so sorry...
What if something
happened to you?
What is this?
Um, your friend Naomi
saved our lives
and we are very
grateful for that.
Now she's helping us retrieve our product
from our boat that sank.
Product?
And once this is over,
you two will take us
to the Florida Keys.
It's deep. I already did
two dives yesterday.
There's sharks
in the water, Jack.
One of them killed
their partner.
-I'll dive.
-No, you won't.
-No, hold on. I...
-No!
-Don't move, asshole!
-You will stay here with me.
And any funny business
from you and he gets it.
Come on! Hurry up, huh?
That was very nice of you
to come all this way
to help your girlfriend.
I didn't help much, did I?
Why did you tell Naomi you needed her
to help you get to Florida?
I saw you tie that knot.
You know how to sail, don't you?
Jackson, hope is
a great motivator.
Why on earth would she go down,
with a shark in the water,
if she didn't think she was
having a chance to survive?
Huh?
What about your brother?
Are you planning on
killing him too?
My brother...
Right now he's
a useful idiot.
I mean, Naomi's down there
saving your lives.
He's saving a few
bricks of cocaine.
I don't think that makes
him the smart one.
Papa! I thought you were gone.
I'm always going to be
with you, Naomi.
You should know that.
Your mother and I are
so proud of you.
You can't give up now,
not after everything
you've been through.
But I don't know what to do.
You'll figure it out.
You always do.
Please, don't leave me.
Like I said,
I will always be with you.
No, no!
Father!
Maria! Woo!
I got it!
Jose! Jose! Come on, move.
I got all of it!
Goddammit!
Yes!
Following the bubbles.
Dinner time.
Woo!
Oh... Oh... Hey?
Huh... Hey?
Hey!
Hey... Watch out!
Jose! A shark! Go faster!
Jose, get out of the water!
Oh...
Jose! Jose, look out!
Whoa!
No!
Aargh!
No! Ah!
Argh!
No! Oh...
No!
Jose!
Oh, Jose!
Naomi!
No!
Jack, look out!
She's got a gun!
Naomi, you fucking bitch!
Naomi, swim!
Come with me... Come here.
I've got you, I've got you.
Serenity... Do you copy?
Naomi, come in. Please come in.
Naomi, please respond.
Come in Serenity.
Serenity, do you copy?
There!
We're all good
down here guys.
I see you, thank you.
We're coming home now.
My father was with me down there.
But it wasn't my usual nightmare.
I was knocked unconscious.
I woke up at the bottom
of a deep dark hole.
I didn't see any way out.
It was easier to just give up.
That's when he came back to me.
He told me that he would always
be there for me.
I know it was just a dream.
What he said was true.
All through my life he inspired me
and this time was no different.
I am so proud of you.
He made me want
to get out of there,
to keep going, to keep...
to keep living.
I'm so glad he did.
After that, the tragedy,
the trauma
that has haunted me and kept me
awake at night,
I feel like I can finally
put it behind me.
He gave me the courage to go on...
With you.
Is that a proposal?
As close as it's gonna get.
I love you.
I love you too.
Let's go home.
Please.
I'll start her up.
This is for Jose!
Fucking bitch!
Jack!
Get off her!
It's okay.